c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\ControleEstoque.Web.dll.config
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\ControleEstoque.Web.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\ControleEstoque.Web.pdb
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.dll
c:\users\leonardo_alves\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.pdb
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\ControleEstoque.Web.dll.config
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\ControleEstoque.Web.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\ControleEstoque.Web.pdb
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.pdb
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Dapper.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\Dapper.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\AutoMapper.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.Migrations.inicial.resources
D:\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\LEONARDO\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\LEONARDO\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.Migrations.inicial.resources
C:\LEONARDO\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\LEONARDO\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.dll
C:\LEONARDO\projetos\ControleEstoque\ControleEstoque.Web\obj\Debug\ControleEstoque.Web.pdb
